Downloaded from
YTS.MX
A NETFLIX ORIGINAL PRODUCTION
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
DON'T TALK. ACT.
RISE AND SHINE!
Today is your successful day.
I'm leaving.
I'm working on some cool projects.
-Really?
-I'll tell you more later. You?
-I'm meeting some clients.
-Nice. Hang on.
-What is it?
-An eyelash.
-Thanks.
-Let's kill it!
-Love you. bye!
-You too. man.
-Bye!
-That's it!.
What the fuck!
Come on. man. You can't do that.
-Didn't you have things to do?
-Let's just say that--
-Weren't you going to--?
-That changed.
My clients canceled at the last minute.
Sit down. I'm watching a cool documentary.
Really cool.
We get rewarded
by likes. hearts. followers
and we conflate that with value and truth.
We were naive
about the consequences of social media.
New generations are growing up
more anxious. more depressed.
We created a monster
and we have to stop it.
What are we doing?
What?
I came to the big city with big hopes.
Now look at me.
You seem fine. man.
When I started my company.
people laughed because I was just a kid.
Still. I left school
to pursue my dream
of making edible containers.
Today. my business is valued at
10 million pesos.
And what have you done?
Bummer.
Damn.
At 12 he's achieved more than us at 28.
-30.
-What?
We're 30. dude.
Fuck. you're right.
Childhood used to be about
learning how not to piss the bed.
How to ride a pony.
how to escape from the priest.
I just got an invitation from Cano
for the start-up mixer.
-Invite your girlfriend.
-We need to network.
When are you going to realize
that I don't network?
He's the Mark Cuban of Mexico.
-He has an investment fund.
-You're going to pitch your idiotic ideas
-like an app to tell if a melon is fresh?
-No. they beat us to it.
Melon-meter. available on iPhone
and Android. 200.000 downloads.
-Wow.
-That sucks.
Dude.
What?
The last time we did this. you got upset.
-What?
-You got upset.
-We made a lot of contacts.
-It bothers you when others do well.
Fine. but at least I don't have
a superiority complex
disguised as not giving a fuck.
Okay. man.
I just want us to be a success.
The only thing I want
is to live in Cadaqués. in Catalonia.
read Gaudí's biography and drink espresso.
What? I'm learning Catalan.
No. dude.
Right.
we're having dinner
with your parents tonight.
Why are you texting my parents?
-They're awesome.
-They suck.
A proper meal would do you well
instead of eating instant noodles.
That shit causes cancer.
I'm surprised you do that.
All right.
I haven't had noodles in a while.
Please don't judge me.
Money is tight.
Capitalism is killing us all.
You need money to be vegetarian.
Imagine you're in Tulum.
You're ripped.
You're gorgeous.
Rise above the haters. Let's give love.
Let's shine.
because we are here to give love.
Let the bike make love to you.
Come on. fatty. Tulum.
You're getting to the beach.
you're gorgeous.
I want to see your butts up.
And one and two!
Caress your butt.
I want to see your rectal selfie.
Yes. breathe.
I like it! That's it!
What's wrong? A little more.
Up. Down.
That's it!
I weighed 130 fucking kilograms!
Now look at me!
What a great butt!
I have your bill.
It's 3.000 plus the personal trainer.
Declined. Do you have another one?
I don't know.
Can I pay with points?
With what?
How embarrassing. In front of everyone.
The bills for the apartment added up.
Keep supporting that mooch.
he doesn't share your goals.
Babe.
Hello.
I was wondering
if you've looked at my job application.
What's your order?
All right.
The coffee of the day.
That's 120.
Are you on the waiting list?
No but I left my resume.
And I--
Borealis.
They said I needed a resume.
they never said--
Put your name here. This is
the waiting list for the waiting list.
Why not have one long waiting list?
Thanks.
Excuse me.
This is watery and over-extracted.
I would have ground it much finer.
the roast is burnt.
No. it's a Chiapas natural.
triple extracted.
It tastes like wood.
It's not fruity. considering it's natural.
Tell your supplier.
it's not all your fault.
Next. please.
Hello.
Bitcoin was revolutionary
because it created digital scarcity.
Like gold. it's finite.
They were using it
to buy drugs or to traffic organs.
No. it's all regulated now.
-Carlos.
-Hello.
-Sorry.
-Charlie.
Sorry. we were filming.
-What are you filming?
-His son opening toys.
Unboxing. Sweet gig.
-Right?
-Yeah.
Rocco must have a blast
with all those toys.
The lady from ToyCity
only lends them to me for a bit.
My dad will give me a Lego
at 100.000 subscribers.
Yeah. Almost.
We're growing our audience.
Sure.
How's it going?
Great. We're very happy.
we're working on various projects.
Are you over the desire to make coffee?
It's not making coffee.
Being a barista is an art. dad.
Why don't you get a normal job?
-Okay.
-My friends post
their kids accomplishments
on Facebook everyday.
Manú Montoya
is a lawyer at Pfizer.
Pili Bracho is at Deutsche Bank.
And you. making hearts in cappuccinos.
You work for a bakery that causes
most of the country's diabetes.
You're part of the problem.
The world
isn't made of dreams and nonsense.
A man needs to work--
Who says that a man needs to work?
That is a neoliberal way
to control the masses.
Money is an imaginary concept.
That's why Mom gives you money.
-How convenient.
-Well…
The rice is delicious.
Like always.
I'm glad you like it.
Your Dad is right.
You'll starve as a barista.
At least I'll be happy.
Polo Ríos.
Forget about that nonsense.
we're going to start a business.
Come in.
Thanks.
This is the type of place
we need to be at.
I bought half of Isla Holbox.
So. what's the problem?
It's sinking and all.
but there are no animals.
I'm thinking
of bringing animals to Holbox.
Like Jurassic Park.
But no dinosaurs.
Giraffes. tigers. crocodiles. hippos…
Cano!
-What's up?
-Polo!
How are you?
Killing it. like always.
And you? Did you lose weight?
What did you do?
Keto and spinning class.
And a little gastric bypass.
Blas.
As pale and sarcastic as always.
Are you still being austere?
A minimalist.
Cool. What are you up to?
We're working on some projects
that are very disruptive.
-That's not true.
-I always knew you'd get far.
-We actually have some ideas.
-I love ideas.
I'm the type of guy that loves ideas.
but right now I have to tell my secretary
and she'll tell me. okay?
Keep having a great time.
You're so skinny dude!
-Hello. I--
-Excuse me.
Let's get some drinks.
-Good evening.
-Hello.
Carajillo. please.
-A light beer. please.
-Sure.
With a little mineral water.
Sandra thinks I've gained weight.
You've lost 90 kilos.
You survived the war with gluten.
You're an example for the fat community
that defends itself
from the explosion of sugary products
made by multinationals.
which don't care about you
or public health.
Accept yourself.
What is this?
Mr. Cano's special edition of Esprezzo.
-Shit in my mouth.
-What?
He drank formula as a baby. Two mezcals.
Sorry. it's clinical.
Thanks.
Cheers.
-No way. there's a ping-pong room.
-Where?
-I don't see a ping-pong table.
-No. ping-pong is just a saying.
I bounce an idea back and forth.
You're so embarrassing.
-Why? It's a saying.
-Sure.
Aderales?
No way!
It's so good to see you.
Blas. you're so small. How cute.
Drug dealing is going well for you.
Wow. They aren't drugs. man.
They're nootropics.
Armodafinil. dextro.
stimulants for productivity.
None of this recreational shit.
-Okay.
-Sure.
You'd be amazed
at how focused it makes you.
Imagine Bradley Cooper in "Limitless"
combined with Russell Crowe
in "A Beautiful Mind" and
Matt Damon in "The Talented Mr. Ripley"
happening microscopically
in Stephen Hawking's semen.
inside Carl Sagan's uterus.
It's Ukrainian Ritalin.
I've heard of this.
It's banned in a lot of places.
-Elon Musk invented Tesla on this.
-And the cybertruck and flamethrower.
I know because
Elon is my friend and client.
Do you have my app?
Download my app. Here.
I accept Bitcoin. Ethereum.
Aders. Not the peso. that's tacky.
What is Aders?
My cryptocurrency.
Aderales. Aders.
What is your cryptocurrency called?
Hey! These guys don't have
their own cryptocurrency.
That's okay. Not everyone does.
Just everyone here.
Cheers.
No way. man.
Even Aderales has an app.
He's an idiot.
he tattooed the bar code on his neck.
-That's 100% brand confidence.
-No.
-We could learn something from him.
They're all ahead of us.
Don't start.
Everybody is doing something.
-All right.
-We haven't done anything. We're losers.
Polo. no!
-What are you doing?
-We're 30.
I don't know what to do with my life.
I have a gray hair on my balls.
-Calm down.
-I live with diarrhea.
-We all have gray hair and diarrhea.
-What do I do?
Everybody in this country has diarrhea.
He's going to puke.
Watch out! Sorry!
What will my grandma say
if I go back broken?
You're not going back. relax.
We don't have any revenue.
I'm losing my hair.
You're not losing your hair. relax.
What will make you feel better?
-Promise we'll be successful.
-I promise.
-Promise.
-You can do this.
-Okay.
Come on!
-You're the shit.
-Yeah.
Let's come together. please.
Networking and all is good.
but we are a community.
How are we going to unite?
We're going to get shitfaced!
Get your phones out quickly.
We're going to google our names
or our artistic names.
-Really?
-You said you'd do anything.
Raise your hand
if there's less than 10 000 hits.
Drink!
Raise your hand
if you're not verified on Instagram.
Who doesn't
have a picture with Bill Gates?
Who would have that?
I tried.
Sell me the pen. You wanted to ping-pong.
It's very elegant. It's a Mont Blanc.
Take a shot.
I'm an idiot. Kill me. please.
I fucked it up.
I fucked it all up.
Come on.
You don't need that idiot to make it.
-Why'd we study marketing?
-I don't know.
-What a bullshit degree.
-That doesn't matter.
How hard can it be to get money?
-Are we ping-ponging?
-No. man.
-We're ping-ponging.
-No. we're not.
I love the initiative.
That's what we need.
-Polo. please.
-Write this down.
Do you have a pen?
-What do people like?
-Vacations?
Airbnb. Trip Advisor. Lonely Planet.
Hospitality is very saturated.
Okay. then sex.
Tinder. Bumble. Grindr. Match. Badoo--
Should I go on?
Nature. pets.
-Good causes.
-Okay. maybe.
-Slides.
-We're getting there.
An app that finds the closest slide.
Genius!
Look at your digital guru friends.
They crave attention.
they like to think they're great people.
Status. attention. relevance.
That's great.
I wouldn't give up on the slides.
that sounds good.
Good morning. fatty!
Hi. babe.
Seriously?
You smell like vomit and tequila. Gross.
-Cappuccino?
-You'd make my day.
-Babe.
-I'll change.
-You were drinking? Really?
-No.
You're disgusting. Have some self-love.
-Do you do anything?
-No.
We won't make it.
-Babe.
-What?
Maybe put on something looser?
That doesn't fit you yet.
Right.
It fits him.
Not yet.
-Yes it does.
-No.
-It fits.
-No. it doesn't.
Let's go.
Thank you.
What are we doing?
Running this morning.
Then seaweed therapy.
Then belly injections.
I know it hurts. but it's good for you.
Let's go. fatty.
BANKROLLED
-Come on.
-I'm coming.
You won't believe what happened.
There's a video on Bankrolled.
-What?
-I'll explain.
SignNow is a platform for social impact
that will revolutionize
how you sign petitions.
Save the gorillas. say bye to bullying.
fight poverty.
all with one click.
Signing petitions has never been so fun.
Play. collect trophies
emojis and have fun.
All of your friends
will know what you sign.
By playing. you'll get points.
Show everyone who signs the most.
Support and fund SignNow.
SIGNNOW
What the fuck is this?
Parallel universe.
that's the only explanation.
Don't start.
Then tell me when did we make this?
I wouldn't give up on the slides.
It's not a bad idea.
-Not bad.
-Not a bad idea.
-We're going to kill it.
-That's right.
-Fucking right.
-We're going to kill it.
You'd be amazed
at how focused it makes you.
I've heard about this.
It's banned in a lot of places.
Elon Musk invented Tesla on this.
It's Ukrainian Ritalin.
If we can make the sneakers
from "Back to the Future".
-That's idiotic.
-There are no idiotic ideas.
-The idea is to--
-Okay.
-An anti-fart diaper.
-A diaper.
-A joint holder.
-Plant locators?
No.
-Did it hit you?
-No.
Fucking Aderales.
Stimulants for productivity.
Nothing recreational.
What the hell are we--
This is the most idiotic thing
we've ever done.
Hold on. it's not bad.
Yes. it's bad.
No.
We're obviously being sarcastic.
-Why is it already 12% funded then?
-It's clicktivism.
It's the stupidest form of social justice.
-You lack imagination.
-No.
It's a starting point.
A lot of startups begin like this.
-They pivot later.
-I don't want to start a startup.
The word startup makes me anxious.
Someone just gave 50 000 pesos.
-Really?
-Yeah.
There are people that wait
for an opportunity like this.
-Don't you think it means something?
-Yes.
That we were drunk. high and desperate.
This is what we need
for our personal brands.
I want to enjoy
what little time I have in this world.
Which doesn't matter.
because this is all a simulation.
You need to stay off of Reddit.
We have no idea how to make an app.
You and I. quickly. Jobs-Wozniak.
I don't want to rush. Who is who?
-I'm the face. you're the brains.
-I've never programmed anything.
You're very creative.
You can pull this off.
Mixing friendship and work is not cool.
We live together. we're basically married.
-No. we're not.
-Basically.
What could go wrong?
I don't feel comfortable
using other people's money.
Want to get your dad off your back?
Tell them I won't travel
if it's not in first class.
I want to try veganism.
switch out the fridge. Leave the M&Ms.
Okay. guys.
The landing page of Bankrolled is dead.
What's going on?
Give me ideas. Shoot.
Paleo snacks.
Sponsored by Bárbara de Regil.
that's all she eats.
No.
-Shoot.
-A dating app for people on Keto.
-It's called "Ketinder".
-Next.
Tell me.
Crowdfunding is so 2015.
Mayte. less negativity.
Crowdfunding is the new economy.
I don't know if you realized
but you work for a crowdfunding platform.
-Go on.
-Don't start.
-Tell him.
-Nat.
You have something to say?
No.
Tell me everything.
-There are two guys starting a project.
-Yeah?
It's a platform for petition signing.
but also a social network.
And it's a game.
where you connect dots and win points.
You're saying
there is an app that combines
Change.org.
with Facebook. with Candy Crush?
Yes. that's basically SignNow.
Sorry. how stupid--
Revolutionary.
I love it.
That's what we needed.
He loves it.
Compassionate. commercial and fun.
That's what people want.
Can you do it or should they?
-We can do it.
-Of course she can.
100%. I can do it.
That's it. cancel all other projects.
We're giving all of our support to this.
Not all of our support. maybe--
-Nat.
-Yes.
There is no margin for error.
-Bankrolled is in your hands. Bye.
-No.
Gus. this is very--
If this doesn't give Bankrolled a boost
there will be bankruptcy
and mass lay-offs.
-No more juice guy.
-Not Sergio.
No more juice guy.
And I promised him a Tesla.
Susy. Karen. let's go!
He loved it.
-You're the shit!
-No.
What?
You don't understand.
I can't breathe or think.
My vision is blurry.
-I don't have time.
-It hasn't even been a minute.
-It's your fault. Mayte.
-Calm down.
I can't take on so much.
It's like submerging
your head in something.
I just can't.
This is the opportunity
you wanted to move up. Get excited.
I'm very excited. Mayte.
Clearly.
Gus said the future of the company
depends on me. I can't fuck up.
-Breathe.
-I'm breathing.
-You're hysterical.
-No.
I'm fine. I feel calm and in control.
I'm fine. Let's breathe?
Come on.
Breathe with your heart and leave behind
all of the anxiety caused by uncertainty.
That shit doesn't work.
Hello.
We have a meeting with Natalia Quintana.
One moment.
Hey. Motivation Nation.
We're streaming live from--
-What are you doing?
-What do you mean?
As an influencer.
I have to constantly create content.
A story. then a post.
-Or just buy followers.
-Wow.
You don't buy followers.
Do you know
how many followers die in India?
What?
They make thousands of kids
follow accounts like yours
in an unventilated warehouse.
They faint three times a day.
How would you know that?
I read.
Hello. how are you? I'm Natalia Quintana.
Thanks for coming.
Do you want coffee. tea. matcha?
We can validate your parking.
Maybe no one offered
to validate your parking yet.
Never mind. Come in. please.
-This way.
-Sure.
Look. they have pool.
I'm excited to work with
people that are so professional…
-Thank you. Sit down.
-…and innovative.
Thanks for coming.
Especially because of all the recent
fiascos and scams
that have fucked the platform's image.
Look at this.
This ended up
being a campaign for a cartel.
Thanks. Bankrolled.
And these were VR headsets that exploded.
-They didn't explode.
-They did.
-Seaweed! I love how it--
-Crunches?
-I love it.
-Really?
-It's fun and--
-Exactly.
It's like--
Yes.
Tell me. what step are you at?
It's going very well.
We're happy to work with you.
-It's moving forward super well.
-Great.
I looked you up on LinkedIn
and I couldn't find you.
It's under construction.
I hate social media.
He hates it right now
because he's so immersed in the project.
His commitment is admirable.
Good. then you can have
a demo ready in three weeks?
-There's no way--
-That we won't. You can count on it.
Perfect.
That's the level of commitment we need.
because that's what we are like.
We're going to get along great. right?
-Obviously.
-No need to say more.
Cheers.
-I just--
-love it.
Bankrolled. your crowdfunding platform.
is proud to present SignNow.
This fun and revolutionary app
will help you change the world.
Sign petitions while you play.
Get likes with every signature
and gain followers.
The more likes you get.
the more people will know
that you're an awesome person.
We're almost at our goal.
Don't be left out.
Be part of the revolution
that will make the world better.
Play. sign and like to change the world.
It's incredible.
If only I had words.
They're here.
SignNow in the house!
Let's hug.
Congratulations.
My brother from another mother.
Proud mama.
Something to drink?
We have moon juice. straight from L.A.
-That sounds great.
-Perfect.
-Nat?
-Gus.
-Right.
-Do the honors. thanks.
Hello everyone.
we are very excited to finally share
our baby with you all.
Polo. Blas and SignNow. Applause. please.
-Go up.
-I'm fine. Dad.
I'm good.
-I don't like it.
-Don't make problems.
Think about this.
Human beings are the only
charitable species on this planet.
That's why we should
entertain ourselves while we're at it.
Don't you think?
Yes!
Help me inspire the world with SignNow.
Signing for a better future. Thanks.
Wow!
That's it!
We did it. man.
Two million.
I don't know.
I just don't feel comfortable.
The money isn't ours.
We found a need in society.
we're pioneers.
We're not pioneers. we got lucky.
This is just the start.
-As CEO--
-Whoa.
You auto-named yourself CEO?
Shoes.
Wow.
The DNA of a CEO
-is charisma. leadership and empathy.
-Yeah.
You can't be friends with a Jehova.
SignNow? We've been waiting.
-Welcome to YouthBank.
-Thanks.
Hi. how are you?
What's up?
As you can see.
we're a bank specializing in startups.
We don't have lines or stress.
like regular banks.
I feel good.
Can I offer you ginger tea?
Sure. Is it free?
-It's complementary.
-Okay.
Our services
are based on donations or "donnies."
-That sounds like commission.
-Blas.
No. it's the contrary.
It's a donnie.
It's voluntary.
Not exactly.
Then it's a commission.
It's a donnie.
Donnie.
It's…
Very well.
Blas. please sing
to set up your account password.
-What?
-Sing.
No. I'm not going to sing.
Then you'll have to use
a boring numeric code.
-Okay.
-Polo.
Marvelous.
I hate you.
Welcome to the YouthBank family.
Use your funds responsibly.
Thanks.
-Can I have a tea to go?
-No.
It's just for here.
SignNow
This will be standard in five years.
Like this. blood flows to the brain.
What are you doing?
Having a morning beer.
This isn't a beer garden.
You're setting a bad example.
Let me show you.
These are the best programmers in Mexico.
They weren't cheap.
WIFI programmed "Call of Duty".
TRX hacked Kanye West's twitter account
and wrote: "Fuck whoever reads this".
Molécula has an awesome programmer look.
Okay.
What's that? What did we agree on?
No more hallucinogenic gnocchi
or peyote smoothies.
Are we in a jail?
I love this place!
Polo Ríos. I love this place!
Aderales is joining us.
Why?
Gratitude.
Hey Blas! How are you?
-Good.
-Nice to see you.
-Thanks for coming so quickly.
-I'm not that busy.
There's been a hold-up at customs.
I love this place. man.
-He's head of quality control.
-Okay.
Speaking of quality.
remember the stuff I gave you?
Don't give it to anyone. it was off.
Like really off.
Some guy ate his boss's face.
who knows what it was.
You're just telling us?
That's my line of work.
My products don't come in a van.
it's a Russian roulette.
Okay. come on! Team back!
Your boss is speaking!
Come on!
Laura. come.
Hello. I'm Polo. CEO.
Blas. CTO.
I'm Aderales. Chief Experience Hacker.
Welcome! This will be a big adventure.
There's kombucha in the fridge.
If you have any dietary restrictions.
let us know.
Let's kill it!
Blas.
What should we start with?
Programming.
Should we start
with a hybrid. native or progressive app?
-All three.
-At the same time?
Obviously.
Who is this?
SignNow's life coach.
He's available
for whatever you need. 24/7.
You suck.
Learn how to play pool.
What are you doing? It's late.
I'm putting together
a tour of SignNow's office
for the funders. It's so cool.
-What are you doing?
-Living my life.
You should try it sometime.
I think I'm going to break my record.
I have five Tinder dates.
Wow. it's Monday. We're not done.
It's slutty Monday.
I could fire you for saying that.
Good luck finding someone
that puts up with your neurosis.
Please help me finish the logbook.
That's not your job.
It's up to those two guys.
No.
Okay. yes. They're busy with other things.
I prefer to do it.
That's your problem.
You micromanage everything.
-Come on.
-I haven't saved anything.
-Let's go out.
-No.
Your pussy needs some boom-boom.
I'm dancing. My pussy.
Just like this. pure sex.
Come on. Mayte.
You're lame.
Keep it up and your pussy will close.
No guy will want to hit it.
-Dry. Forever.
-Okay.
Hello?
You spent $2.352.50 on paper.
is that correct?
Do you know the time? Don't you sleep?
Sure. I sleep a little.
Like an hour or two.
Geez. I'm sorry.
I just woke you up.
I didn't realize how late it was.
Don't worry.
Do you want to meet?
-Really?
-Are you hungry?
Actually. yes.
I haven't eaten in 24 hours.
Hello.
-Everything okay?
-Yes. all good.
Wow.
I really love this place.
-Really?
-Yeah.
This is the most authentic
Szechuan food in the city.
I'm craving something greasy.
-Whatever is the greasiest.
-Noodles?
Yes. here.
How did you discover this place?
One day I woke up at two in the morning
craving a dumpling.
I hadn't eaten in 36 hours.
Why?
Because I was fasting for too long.
Because. Sandra--
It doesn't matter.
-Okay.
-It was a huge mistake.
I almost fainted.
I get the idea.
The point is
don't go so long without eating.
I totally agree.
There we go. Ready.
-Really?
-What?
-It's 4:00 a.m.
-You know what they say.
-Do what you love--
-And you'll never work a day in your life.
-Exactly.
-I get it but--
-Who is going to call you right now?
-Give it.
Seriously. I need it.
Put it here.
-I found your weak spot.
-No.
What if someone urgently needs me?
Gus is going to write you:
"I had a wet dream about a logbook.
Send it to me now."
What?
-Don't move.
-What is it?
You have…
Don't do it.
-Gross.
-It's alive.
-Drop it.
-It's attacking me.
-That's disgusting.
You improved Szechuan food.
Okay. I'm leaving. Thanks.
-No. Why?
-Thanks for everything.
You're very stressed. Give me your hands.
Trust me. I took a mindfulness class.
Mindfulness? Gross.
Fine.
But it helps.
Close your eyes.
Inhale.
Don't play tricks.
This piece of metal
doesn't control you.
It has no power over you.
I free you.
Inhale.
When you open your eyes.
you will be completely relaxed.
Wow.
I feel relaxed. it's incredible.
Incredible.
I told you.
Rejuvenated.
So. let's keep working.
-No!
-Why not?
I'm joking.
Sandyfit. really?
Have you seen this?
She's the typical basic girl in neon.
Who would wear that?
Look at how she poses.
Why would you do that? How embarrassing.
You're stupid!
You want to fuck him.
-No. I don't.
-You want to fuck him.
No. I don't. You're absolutely crazy.
It makes total sense.
He's a nerd that wants to save the world.
Totally your fucking type.
It's a conflict of interest.
he has a girlfriend and I don't like him.
You've been working a lot.
You could use some
action down there.
Mayte.
You need to fuck someone.
Don't say fuck.
Why do I have to
see her ass in every picture?
And #Pad?
-You like him.
-No.
-Her ass bugs me.
-You like him.
By chance. did you eat my cookies?
Now you don't share?
Here we believe sharing is caring.
We have a startup. It's time to grow up.
They were shroom cookies.
And a little LSD.
Yesterday. they gave me a great trip.
I ate two.
I was starving. I was fasting.
It says: "Blas's Chunky Funkies"
How am I supposed to know
that means shrooms and LSD?
I'm more productive on shrooms and acid.
It's too late for that.
The premium funders are coming.
What?
Holy shit. you're so crazy.
Just love me.
Sure.
I'm the Chief Experience Hacker.
I'm at your service today
to make your visit
to SignNow more enjoyable.
You're the CEO. man.
And I leave you with the Boss.
Welcome. you're here
because you are premium funders.
This is SignNow. thanks for being here.
Can we see what you're working on?
Since we're already here.
Yes. of course.
There's not a lot to see
because we're 40%--
-Actually. we have a beta version.
-Beta.
That's great.
Surprise.
You know me.
As you can see.
we chose futuristic looking graphics.
Actually.
we went for a '90s Pop-Tarts design.
Will the app support public breastfeeding?
Does our breastfeeding offend you?
Do our breasts make you uncomfortable?
No. In fact. I was breastfed
and I have nipples.
So. go ahead.
How often will I be mentioned?
I'm one of the largest funders.
Under the sea.
-Pardon?
-Unlimited.
Unlimited mentions for premium funders.
Yes!
I have three NGOs: one anti-GMOs.
one for public breastfeeding
and one pro LGBTQIA-plus.
I really love to help.
-That's great.
-Wow.
-I also like helping.
-I like it more.
I like it more.
In fact. I donate blood everyday.
What are we made of?
Stardust.
Are you high?
What have you done?
Are you okay?
What?
You're a ray of light.
Okay!
Thank you everybody.
Thanks for coming.
Already?
All good things must come to an end.
Come with me.
Bye. Nat.
The phones are a gift from SignNow.
Now we can monitor you 24/7.
to improve the app. obviously.
I had to take the long way around.
See you. Your tamer is here.
-What's wrong? Are you okay?
-I'm fine.
I was thinking.
are you both going to run SignNow?
Yes. why?
Shouldn't you be the face of the project?
Like. the leader.
Well.
Blas doesn't take anything seriously.
And I always have to do everything.
I'll put it on 40. You're transparent.
No. last time I burnt.
No more straws. Signature accepted.
Laura.
Lau.
It's been four hours.
-Is that normal?
-I have no idea.
But it's cool.
Good morning. SignNow crew.
Hey partner. I love you.
-You too.
-I love you.
What are you doing?
This shouldn't be happening.
It was supposed to be
a mediocre app that no one would use.
Enjoy. partner.
We're on top.
It's a great day to be alive.
Just in time.
Come here.
-What did you buy now?
-Come.
Gentlemen. over here.
You're acting like a child.
The Marzoco GS-3. special edition.
It has volumetric programming.
Third generation.
-You're bribing me.
-We need coffee.
If you put it that way. then okay.
I also bought this special bean
that you're always talking about.
No. man. No.
What?
This isn't cool.
Enjoy it. It's yours. you deserve it.
Enjoy it.
Are you serious? Thanks so much.
You have no idea what this means to me.
I owe you one.
Thank you.
You have no idea what just happened.
Have you seen the article in Harvard Biz?
-No.
-Bankrolled is on fire. baby girl.
I just spoke to a friend
that works at YayTalks and guess what.
-What?
-He's giving a spot to SignNow.
-Yay.
-Talks.
-Very good.
-Yes.
-Nat.
-What?
You're our most valuable asset.
Thanks a lot.
-Make sure they're well prepared.
-100%.
Are you really
rolling all your dice on these guys?
-Obviously not.
-Have they given you the logbook?
Yeah. No.
I'm doing it for them.
to take it off their plate.
Don't worry.
Did you hear
I'm the company's most valuable asset?
What nice handwriting.
Karen.
you're the company's most valuable asset.
I'm coming.
Not yet. 50 calories more. Come on!
I don't know what's wrong with my diet.
I get constipated at night.
Add a prune to every snack.
A prune.
We have to reschedule these sessions.
SignNow needs my attention.
Your fecal matter is irregular.
-I told you.
-Yes.
I'm going to give you probiotics.
Breathe in.
I need Vitamin M.
That doesn't exist.
Motivation.
What do great entrepreneurs have?
They have a muse.
I invented the app of the year.
As your muse. I'm making sure
you look good and are successful.
Extraction.
You're going to want to defecate.
try to hold it.
Yes. please.
Please don't poop
on the floor like last time.
Juanito. can you get a mop please?
I'm sorry.
YOU'RE GIVING A YAYTALK!
I'm giving a YayTalk.
A YayTalk.
Natalia arranged it.
-What is that?
-No idea.
We're back with Shark Investors.
-You weren't at the office this afternoon.
-Sorry.
I met these guys that are developing AI.
They want to collaborate.
I'll tell you more tomorrow.
Did they also have a colon cleansing?
Good job. partner.
I love you. man.
We're going
to give a YayTalk.
Can you stop?
I'm doing my kegel exercises.
They keep my pussy young.
You need a maternal figure in your life.
-Nat.
-Yes.
-Can you come to my office?
-Sure.
-You're screwed.
-Shut up.
Hello. guys.
-The ball. please.
-Yes.
-Center yourself.
-I am.
Serge and Lebra found some inconsistencies
in Polo and Blas's resume
and their experience is strange.
-Dream catcher?
-Vine trimmer.
-What is a tiktoker?
-A modern influencer.
They don't have LinkedIn.
Polo's is under construction
and Blas doesn't use social media.
because he is 100% focused on our project.
#Creative.
-That's what pros do.
-That makes no sense.
Yes. it does.
-No?
-Look me in the eyes.
-I am.
-What are they saying?
We can't…
handle…
another f…
-Another fiasco.
-Fiasco.
-Of course not.
You looked into them. right?
Obviously. that's my job.
SignNow are pros.
And. you're in the best hands.
Which are my hands. so just relax. okay?
I'd never let you down.
Can I go now?
Okay.
Three. two. one…
Hello. This is Motivation Nation.
SignNow's podcast
about entrepreneurship and innovation.
I'm here with Carlos Solano.
a guru in child marketing.
-Hello Carlos. How are you?
-Good.
The magic of unboxing creates a connection
between a parent and child.
Through something
as beautiful as marketing.
-We're live.
-Guru?
Him? Where did you get this from?
We bought it. For our podcast.
-What podcast?
-Kill It Networks
We're growing our audience.
It's a macro thing.
We have a shitload of things to do.
we can't screw it up.
You're right.
-We'll do it when I'm back.
-You're fucking with me.
It's invitation only
and I'm Cano's plus one.
Sure.
You're doing the Polini.
The what?
-The Polini.
-That sounds fun. I'm in.
When we were in university.
he always found a way to get out of things
and I ended up doing everything.
He obviously took all the credit.
All the moves I'm making
are for the project.
He's so immature.
So. it's an app like Tinder
but for dogs.
You can be a female or a male or a--
-Polo!
-Cano!
What's up. bro?
You're so thin. I can hug you now.
Sit down. Let me introduce you.
This is Lito. my guru.
He built me up. but first he tore me down.
Nice to meet you.
Posternak.
A saint. Twice a year he cleans the ocean.
It's not all mud.
-No.
-I don't clean the oceans. they clean me.
And Pérez Conchas.
-He photographs women in thongs.
-I follow you.
I have two million followers.
And this is Polo.
He's developing a promising app.
I'm just doing my part.
I'm glad because I'm giving a YayTalk.
-A YayTalk?
-Yes.
-Cool.
-That's incredible.
Patty. get me a YayTalk.
Hey!
Get up! How is the back end API going?
Is the JSON fixed?
Is the CDN ready?
No.
Why not?
-We're working on what Polo asked.
-On his social networks.
I'm making his Wikipedia page.
-Polo has a Wikipedia page?
-Yes.
How cool. mother…
Leave that and work on the app.
Aderales.
Let's go.
-Ady!
-There you go.
Hello. everyone.
He's a bullshiter. don't believe him.
-And that's how you close the triangle--
-Polo!
-Partner.
-Let's go.
I'm not joking. Let's go.
Give me a second. He's moody.
You photographed my sister.
I've wanted
to join this community for years.
I don't give a fuck.
You made the programmers
work on your motivational bullshit.
You put money into my brother's nonsense.
and you left the office to drink mimosas
with your club of posh ladies.
while I'm working my ass off.
I'm creating financial alliances.
No. you're fucking this up.
I can't do this alone.
Panoramic vision. partner.
Okay?
Aderales!
He always does this to me. I'm his bitch.
Calm down. homie.
If it makes you so upset.
why are you doing it?
It's the principle. I finish what I start.
I get it but what good are your principles
if you're stressed.
look like shit and stink?
Because what makes you happy
doesn't make money.
That's a lie. man.
-No.
-Look at me.
I'm happy. I do what I want. I look great.
-Look who it is.
-Hey!
What's up?
-Where have you been? You brought gifts.
-In the North Pole.
Here you go. delicious dextro.
Enjoy it.
Why are you there?
-I was just thinking.
-Come here.
Meet my friend Blas.
This guy
is one of the creators of SignNow.
AKA: A fucking genius.
Do you know each other?
-No.
-Yes.
-No?
-Yeah. no.
Yes. Thanks.
I wanted to work here but
it's easier to get into Harvard.
Babe.
I'm signing a petition
to normalize the fit body
and I have a thousand points.
I told you.
It's amazing.
I never thought you'd do it. but…
Thanks.
You're my--
Fish protein. for my fatty.
Delicious.
This is on fire.
All of my friends
are obsessed with SignNow.
We're going to be millionaires.
And we're going to Tulum.
What are you looking at?
FINAL RESULT
Fatty. let me explain.
It's not what you think.
I was going to tell you.
Is that what I am to you?
Your guinea pig? A blog entry?
An experiment?
No. I did it to make you feel better.
That's a sick way
to make someone feel better.
I just wanted to help.
You know I'm a blogger.
What else should I write about?
I didn't mean it like that.
I think I should go. this is…
What do you think?
Babe.
Polo!
Have a lot of patience
and you will see changes. I swear.
I love taking him to Zara
and buying him smaller clothes
so he can visualize it.
And. obviously. when you go to the beach
you can put a little bit of concealer
on his stretch marks.
Since you always say. I choose wrong
here are the pictures from the tour.
Pick the ones for Facebook.
Okay? Lots of love.
NOOTROPICS
-Natalia.
-I hope I'm not bothering you.
I was in the area and decided to stop by.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Yes.
We had a meeting with the partners.
What the fuck is this?
Our assistant
has a vitamins and supplements business.
Right. because selling drugs and--
No. the government
is processing his licenses.
-Don't bullshit me.
-What are you talking about?
Don't fuck with me.
my job is very important to me.
I know that.
Calm down. Everything is fine.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
What are you hiding. asshole?
-Nothing. What would I hide?
-Just tell me.
Nothing.
It's very strange to work with someone
and not having
a fucking idea who they are.
-Calm down.
-I'm calm.
-Look at me.
-I am.
It's me.
The same as before.
Unwavering. I don't hide things.
-Sorry.
-You're dumb.
You'll have your app.
-Okay.
-Trust me.
Everything is fine.
Wow. what you just did
-is very inappropriate.
-What?
This.
There is a conflict of interest.
We work together.
-Wow. you're sick.
-But. you're--
-I'm what?
-Nothing.
You have a girlfriend.
-No.
-Yes. that busty fitness chick.
We broke up.
I can keep it on if you want.
Why would I want that?
-It's just--
-What?
-I have--
Okay.
You have a stretch mark. so what?
I don't care. Who would care about that?
-Really?
-What?
I need it.
SIGNNOW HAS NEW MESSAGES
Bill Gates.
Fuck.
We need a big hit. no matter how we do it.
Something that's a game
but helps in some way.
I'm part of the change.
-Exactly.
-I'm part of the change!
-Do you want…
-SignNow.
-That would be hilarious.
-We'll be rich.
It's not very moral.
Forget about that. it doesn't matter.
What the fuck.
-No way.
-Mayte.
-What's wrong with you?
-Everything is wrong.
Hello. You're interns? Can you leave?
This room is for people that work here.
Thanks. can you close the door?
Look. pepperoni. What's going on?
-You won't believe what I did.
-What?
What?
-I slept with Polo.
-Do I need to scream it?
-No way!
Be quiet.
-Vaginal? Anal?
-Don't be a pig. please.
I did it because you put ideas in my head.
-I understand.
-What?
You're frustrated. Micro-penis.
A curved penis?
You didn't cum?
-You didn't cum.
-I didn't. Is that bad?
Typical. Tell me.
-Are you eating shit?
-It's so good.
-You're not even listening.
-Don't leave me hanging. Tell me.
I can't believe it.
-Calm down.
-I feel like--
I know you don't do it
but fucking is normal.
-I've fucked…
-Calm down.
-…just not as much as you.
-What's wrong?
SignNow is a fiasco.
-What?
-It's a fiasco. There's a guy Aderales.
He's a drug dealer.
That's too funny.
They have no idea what they're doing.
No one does in this generation.
I saw the unedited video.
I think this is stupid.
Getting funded is easy money.
-They're screwed.
-They're not who they said they were.
-I brought them here.
-Look at me.
Calm down.
What are you doing?
-What?
-#MeToo.
This is a glass office.
Sorry. That's the vibe here.
I thought it would help you. Whatever.
Curved penis.
SIGNNOW SUBSCRIBERS
-What is it?
-Your coffee.
-Thanks.
-You're welcome.
This is Instagram's average use.
This is SignNow's average use.
It has all the signs of user addiction.
It's good for releasing endorphins.
So good. We added a secret level
where you choose a weapon
and kill CEOs that pollute.
It's so funny.
No. that's not good. It's not funny.
Don't forget to turn on your notifications
and to use #KillingIt. Thanks life coach.
Where were you?
In your tanning bed. of course.
Look at this.
These numbers.
Is this true?
-Exactly.
-Way to go!
No. we created a monster.
-No. people are using it.
-Addictively.
I know what Jobs felt like with Macintosh.
Hold on. We're making people more idiotic.
-We should tell Bankrolled.
-What?
That the app they funded
is amazing and will be a hit? Go ahead.
We should stop before more people
liquefy their brains.
Let's say they're stupid enough
to cancel everything.
You won't get paid and you can't retire.
Excellent work team.
Do you think we could postpone
SignNow's talk until next year?
You already called
the international press.
No. that's great. Thanks. bye.
-Nat.
-Gus.
-Are you okay?
-Perfect. why?
SignNow is amazing. I can't stop.
Look. they're eradicating Ebola.
Bye. Ebola. Bye. poverty.
-I know.
-What?
I want to advance our marketing campaign.
I want everyone to know SignNow is ours.
That's a cool idea.
Don't you want to do it after YayTalk?
So that we can hold a focus group.
Do we want to postpone the best thing
that has happened in years?
No.
-No.
-Obviously not.
-Do it. Perfect.
-Yes.
It's time to support and sign. Good job!
-Is everyone using the app?
-Yes.
I legalized abortion in the Vatican.
Good.
Team!
Guess what!
We're launching the huge campaign.
Bankrolled wants to
hype us up before the YayTalk.
You know what?
-Bonuses!
-What?
Performance bonuses for everyone!
-Come on!
-No.
Why are you giving out money?
-Bonuses!
-Why today?
That's what they said.
Kombucha is now part of the daily diet.
You're welcome.
We spoke with Polo Ríos.
The mastermind behind SignNow.
A genius who shattered the idea
that social networks don't help humanity.
He gave us a few minutes of his time
to talk about how he is following
the footsteps of Gandhi.
Mandela and Goethe.
Ríos and SignNow accelerated
all of the social justice battles
and they have gained our like.
They stole your spotlight. son.
How is Polo the mastermind?
The CEO doesn't see SignNow
as the most downloaded app of the year.
he considers it a gift to humanity.
The Polo Ríos foundation
has achieved--
Shouldn't you go practice
for your talk tomorrow?
You don't mind?
Not at all.
Awesome. partner. I love you.
Thanks. partner.
I love you.
You too.
-This is not good.
-What?
I need you to do this.
-Are you sure?
-I'm sure.
This is a bomb.
It's not easy. it will take all night.
I hear a lot of complaining
and not a lot of programming.
Relax. we'll take care of it.
Here you go.
Hello. I'm Polo Ríos.
The best.
SIGNOW
Here's your coffee.
Thanks. How's it going?
How's it going?
We're done.
I love you a lot.
Aderales.
Let's go!
What? Another round?
Let's do it.
Send it to Jeff Bezos.
Tell the Governor of Durango
to fix himself up
for the meeting next week.
-Freddy Robles?
-Who's asking?
Polo Ríos. I'm an entrepreneur too.
The CEO of SignNow.
Its a petition signing platform that
combines a social network with a game.
That sounds app stupid.
Gigi. start getting me other things.
Now. anyone can give a YayTalk.
Yes. Mr. Slim.
Excuse me. I was talking to a fan.
I'm glad you liked it.
When are we going golfing?
What do you think?
Breathe. Everything is fine.
That doesn't help.
You're paranoid. What can go wrong?
Nothing.
The party. their conference.
Next project. it's done.
-Next. I won't see them again.
-Exactly.
Right?
-Mayte. no.
-Come on. Nat.
What?
Because I don't want to kiss my friend?
I'm Polo Ríos.
Entrepreneur and CEO of SignNow.
It's Polo Ríos.
For I long time.
I thought about how to build a bridge…
-Go change.
-I sell nootropics. not marijuana.
There.
… and a social cause.
Those seats are for
the Chief Experience Hacker. That's me.
How to change the world
with the power of one click?
One click.
A new way to confront problems.
People want to help.
But oftentimes. we don't know how.
That's what SignNow is about.
It's time to support and sign.
Super like. Good job.
I see some of you are using the app
which makes me happy.
But we'll do a short demo
for the people who don't use social media.
Sorry. we have a small glitch.
No.
There is no glitch.
Hello. excuse me.
Hello. I'm Blas.
From SignNow. Hello.
What's up?
What are you doing?
As you can see. SignNow has a new feature.
A new feature? What are--
Starting today.
we eliminated the visibility of likes
and no more public ranking.
-What?
-Only you will know what you signed.
What?
No. Of course there will be
likes. shares. swipes and super likes.
We all know that signing petitions
won't end the world's problems.
-That's mansplaining.
-Cool.
It's cool to be conscious.
But numbing ourselves
with so-called philanthropy.
games and social networks.
takes us further away from reality.
-What's happening?
-I don't know.
I'm not blaming anyone.
there's no one to blame.
But these apps
are truly harming us.
-Fix it.
-I'll fix it.
-Because it's about us…
-Each of you.
…we are compensated by hearts and likes
which makes us vulnerable to manipulation.
What do you mean there won't be likes?
It won't work.
We didn't donate to this.
I give blood and no one will know?
I thought we were helping.
This is obviously a mistake.
We will not be provoked.
This thing is dead. Let's go.
We'll figure this out and we'll be back.
SignNow is with you.
signing for a better future.
We'll figure this out.
I understand and I'll fix it. calm down.
Just give me a second and I'll fix it.
Nat. what is happening?
I don't know.
What did you do to the app?
Send your complaints to @SignNow.app.
-Thanks. bye.
-Breastfeeding is a maternal right.
Don't touch my car. it's my grandfather's.
Don't touch my car!
-I'm unsubscribing.
-I don't care.
Go to hell! I'm going to kill you!
-You fucked it up.
-I didn't.
You fucked it up.
We're taking advantage of people…
-It's Polo. answer?
-No.
-What--
-Sorry.
Nat. I swear. It wasn't--
You ruined my life and my job!
You're a fucking insecure asshole!
You're shit in bed!
Stress doesn't control me.
-Stress doesn't control me.
-Breathe. Nat.
The solution to anxiety lives in the…
Anxiety doesn't control me.
I am peace. I am calm.
Meditation won't help
with anything right now!
Any comments on
the allegations against your company?
We're looking into the situation.
You admitted doing it while drunk?
This is a deepfake. Haven't you seen
"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button"?
Brad Pitt was an old baby.
Who'd want to do a deepfake?
Lots of people.
By the way. I sell nootropics.
If anyone is interested. scan this. Bye.
These so called entrepreneurs
made fun of their investors.
Spent money on lavish offices.
on a 24 hour life coach.
On colon cleanses?
Why? That's so fucking gross.
-Another strike for bankrolled.com.
-What did you do?
The right thing.
You have this moral superiority.
but it's not true.
People knew what they were getting into.
This has exploded.
-People will consume what you give them.
-You didn't have the right to do this.
SignNow! They're coming to lynch us.
Barricade!
You lied to the press.
you made that stupid video.
And you took credit
for the work I did alone.
-They're going to lynch you too.
-Followers are dropping.
That's what you care about?
You ruined me
in front of the other entrepreneurs.
You didn't deserve
respect from the other entrepreneurs.
I helped you because
you almost had a nervous breakdown.
This is because of your fear of success.
You call this success?
At what and whose expense?
To lie to ourselves and a ton of people.
Long live success!
-Family.
-What?
This is cyanide. they won't take us alive.
You're a dead weight.
You'll always be this big.
without dreams or goals.
I'm sick of pulling you along.
I wanted to inspire you
because you're my friend.
You were in a bad place.
You'll never go anywhere.
you just complain and make-up excuses.
It's capitalism. the white man.
I gave you a real option to move ahead.
And you turned into a joke.
I didn't want us to be worthless.
You didn't care
if I liked what we were doing.
You don't care about my happiness.
You're so fucking selfish.
What about you? Go to hell.
Not now. life coach!
Fuck off.
Attention everyone.
This box represents disappointment.
Defeat.
Nobody wants to be in this box.
Right?
Natalia. put all of your dreams
promises. goals and hopes in this box.
-You're fired.
-I got it.
You don't have to be so cruel. jerk.
What an asshole.
There's no need to be hurtful.
I'm hurt too. Natalia was my rising star.
But what hurts more
is that we are all going to need a box.
because Bankrolled is bankrupt.
I won't be able to
pay your salaries today.
What?
Thanks. Natalia.
I just got an iPhone 13.
How will I pay for it?
I'll use an Android. gross.
I adopted a dog.
How will I explain that we're homeless?
Fuck you. you fucking asshole.
-Fuck you.
-Let's go.
Those belong to the--
A meme. a chapter.
-A chapter for each meme.
-Cano.
How are you? I have a lot of new ideas.
Want to ping-pong?
You're not my plus one anymore.
Memelas is.
Forgive me.
Sir. come with me. please.
Before you say anything. listen to me.
The rock stars of today are influencers.
-Yes.
-Who is the most important influencer?
Memelas. So. I was thinking
of making a reality show
about Memelas
searching for the next Memelas.
-The next Memelas? I doubt it.
-I mean--
Action!
Hello. friends. How are you?
Not like that. Rocco.
Can I go to sleep?
-Think about the kids that watch you.
-It's 2:00 a.m.
He's a kid.
You're going to traumatize him.
Do I pay you
to tell me how to educate my son?
Okay. dear.
Let's see if you can do it. Action!
Hello. friends. How are you?
We're here with a new video.
We're trying out this really cool truck.
Motivation Nation?
Yes. How are you?
Give me back my money.
I'm sorry.
We invested everything.
Hey! Do you know this guy?
He's a thief. He made SignNow fail.
I wanted to stop global warming.
I signed for the manatee.
now it's too late.
Do you want the bees to go extinct?
No. no one does.
Hey. I'm talking to you.
Look me in the eyes when I'm speaking.
BARISTA COMPETITION
Do you know him?
Kick him out or else I will.
I'm sorry.
I'll fix it.
I'm sorry everyone.
I'll fix it!
I promise I'll fix it!
When did I stop being myself?
When did I lose sight of my purpose?
When did I stop caring about others?
I'm like you. a slave to my insecurities.
I've never been enough.
It's never been enough
success. money. love.
Not thin enough.
I want to have the strength to grow.
Believing I've arrived at my goal.
takes me further away.
Only by being naked
I can accept that I'm not perfect.
Like this. I can be happy with myself.
Today I begin loving my scars and bruises.
The success of others is not my failure.
I understand
there is no shortcut to success.
Life's paths aren't what I thought.
I have to apologize
for taking out my frustration
on the ones I love.
For hurting those
that would never hurt me.
What is success if it isn't shared?
Humility isn't thinking less of yourself.
just less about yourself.
Don't forget to love
yourself and to subscribe.
Click below.
SUBSCRIBE FOR MORE MOTIVATIONAL VIDEOS
FOR BLAS! FROM POLO.
MUSEUM. 9:05 AM
MUSEUM
Blas!
Me! I'm Blas.
Come here.
We're late.
BARISTA COMPETITION.
10TH EDITION
I didn't know amateurs competed.
I didn't know
they invited the bean-burner.
The machine was calibrated wrong.
Your nose as well?
I call this drink. "Blow my mind".
This is an Iberian bean.
it has four times more caffeine
than an Arabic bean.
One cup can keep you awake for two days.
It has hints of jasmine.
lemon and strawberry jam.
From Soconusco. Chiapas.
it has
a controlled fermentation of 28 hours
and you have to calibrate it
at 18 grams per 36 milliliters
at 91 degrees.
It's very delicate.
Not everyone can do it.
You!
Thanks for the push.
No. man. You're made for this.
I should have supported you
and not pushed you into something else.
I ruined something that was going well.
It wasn't cool.
-I was going a little crazy.
-A little.
I missed your noodle soup smell.
You're my soulmate.
Catalan?
Third place!
Not first.
I want to be a part of that.
-Can you…
-Yes.
This channel is going to be a hit.
-Can you hold it?
-Sure.
Polo Ríos.
Do you want to ping-pong?
It's your turn.
Thanks.
Natalia.
You work here?
-Obviously.
-I work here.
Yeah.
Come in. please.
Over here.
You look good.
More relaxed.
What did you do with the other Natalia?
The philosophy here is pretty cool.
it helps me remember
that I don't have to control everything.
You found balance.
That's cool.
Over here. please.
How can we help you?
I'm here to make a deposit.
Clearing your name?
Something like that. It wasn't our money.
I saw your video.
How embarrassing.
No. I liked it.
What's next for Polo Ríos?
Try to figure out who I am.
What I want.
To apologize.
And. I don't know.
Lay low for awhile.
That will be easy
with a million hits on Google.
You Googled me?
I Googled you too.
I need your voice password. please.
Please.
Really?
Okay.
We got it.
Wow.
The best barista in town.
People heard about "Blow my mind".
You found a need.
-What's that?
-What?
-That.
-It's nothing.
-You got a tattoo. man.
-Yeah.
It's my personal brand.
-So lame. I know.
-No!
I love it.
A drip from Ethiopia.
Thanks.
Polo?
No way. I'm Janono.
The CEO of Dogflix. I wrote you.
Remember Dogflix?
It's like Netflix but for dogs.
Audiovisual content just for dogs.
Everything.
Series. comedies. dramas.
Narcodramas. reality shows. talk shows.
Everything.
Your dog will never be bored.
We're going to be millionaires.
What's your number? I'll call you.
Send me a DM on Instagram.
I check it daily.
-You sure?
-Yeah.
-Let's do this.
-Yes.
That's it. Millionaires. man.
Thanks. Dogflix.
Good luck!
I have distributors there.
All right. bye.
Love you.
Tell him about the universities.
Oh yeah.
They cleared the jam.
I'm getting a lot of product.
Adderall. Ritalin. everything.
The universities are giving it
to the kids for exams.
I converted all my money to Aders.
I'm about to invest
in a small homes Mexican startup.
What's going on?
Don't get scared but the Aders collapsed.
It's really hurting.
It's at 20 cents.
I bought it at 20.000 pesos.
You said it would go up.
I said it would fluctuate.
It's fluctuating.
-That's the world of cryptocurrency.
-What?
Calm down.
I swear that
if you weren't the world's sexiest man--
Hey!
-Control yourself.
-Thanks.
No. man. That's not cool.
Blas. what's going on?
Genetimex. with a blood sample we'll tell
you if you're a descendant of Moctezuma.
No way.
-That's not bad.
-No.
Hold on. that's not bad.
Call Tony.